[WIP] fix(#5658): handle edge cases for tag filtering detection (#5682)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

 - [0.0.5](#005)
 - [0.0.4 and prior](#004-and-prior)

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - When initializing the controller, if the admin API is unreachable, the controller
>   fails fast rather than disabling tags. [#5658](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/5658)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove unnecessary tag support check that could incorrectly delete configuration if the check did not execute properly. [#5658](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/5658)
```
